Hebrews 11 / Pray about it

I pray in jesus name that you become compentent spiritually and meet the hopeful future that father has for you. ;) 
Let it be known  what life you will live in 3 years compared to when you read this of how good father god has been to you.
Nothing shall stop you if you try a little by little to do the bible.

Always remember that father loves you and will never abandon you. Count your blessings in hard times and that life is 
progressing more to your definition of heaven on earth with the leadership/compliment of father guiding you for
your ideal life with spiritual righteousness of Jesus Christ. Have a new zeal and refreshment everyday to seek your purpose in Christ Jesus.

As time goes on that you learn christ and how my life changed with my application to any prayer or thing I commit it to father god as I progress on with my life in 
higher bounds of quality.
I attach the eph1 prayer, colossians here for you to progess. 

Thank you Jesus and I bless you all

Amen

You will have this prayer just by reading the prayer.


### Teaching WORD OF WISDOM ####


1.

Say in your mind/out loud 

Activate word of knowledge in jesus name ty father


Then God speaks through your mouth and its similar to how you normally speak but it comes from your spirit man


2.

When you are with a person the word of knowledge activates when god wants something to happen.


3. WIth word of knowledge you can speak any language but you hear it in your native tounge whereas they hear it in spanish. 

You by faith will hear them speak in english.


I do word of knowledge all day every day some days for fun.


I love it. Speaking spanish with no study is amazing LOL same with aramaic. 

It's not that hard to do if you do what god says for you to do instead of just reading it.


I love every attempt to do the word - Father God from Translation in Tounges.

Father loves you more than your perception or attitude allows you to do. You can be the worst sinner and he hates your sin.


If you are willing to change Father God will definitely help you out of your sin IF you choose so.


When you repent he will - Parable of the parable of the prodigal son




Father wants you to be obedient to his word as it's for you benefit to 

choose Father God = Christ's Righteousness = Blessings = Mututal gain = Life = Love = Benefits beyond measure and a Destiny.

over 


satan = sin = death = steal, kill and destroy - Things like blessings from God in context. 



