Hebrews 11 / Pray about it.

I would love to hang out and chat via tongues and translation more with my children on earth - Father God via tongues and translation



Jesus loves you to succeed doing what you love and enjoy without the SIN in your life best you can due to the works (strength) of the flesh.

Galatians 5:19-21

19 Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,

20 Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,

21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.


The works of the flesh war against the spirit. You cannot fulfill the law. It's a sin nature in the flesh. We all have a sin nature due to the flesh.

God hates sin but will forgive you if your sin due to the atonement of Christ on the cross. 

If you know better and sin over long periods of time risk being in judgement then divorce from your salvation. Fear not and ask God where you stand in this.


Check with God. 
 Build a multitude of sins (James 1)  via some small evangelism here and there and you're completely covered from judgement.
You're not once saved 




Interpretation/ Translation 


This must be asked for always when doing tongues.
It can be given individually / by yourself 
It can be given from one person/s to another 

When you give the holy spirit tongues it is God speaking through the person via holy spirit tounges.

Receiver/ Translation aka interpretation 


It doesn't matter who speaks it as it is Jesus Christ talking via tongues and interpretation/translation.


Follow 1/or 2 Corinthians for how to use it in church.

Follow the directions given in tongues and translation as it is for your own Good


It's God's Choice on what is said, how many receive the tounge / translate the tounge and instructions on what to do with the tounge. 


Only way to test the tongue/thought is 

1 John 1, Jesus Christ is come in the flesh.
Does not require an elder. All are capable to test the spirit.

It's an awesome way for God to talk to his children. Use the tounges document to start praying in holy spirit tounges then ask for translation/ interpretation of this tounge.

To start try with a friend / family member to do translation together. 

My opinion: It says to have 2 interpreters but if you only have one other person… you are completely fine to interpret with the other person.


It's amazing for blessing your family or life by listening to someone who loves you and is capable of making your life better via interpretation/translation with a tounge.

This is the best way for God to talk to you on personal matters that are not completely relevant to God's word. The other way is reading the Bible to have God talk to you.

Videos to Derek Prince video on this

Relevant - Interpretation of tounges 

https://youtu.be/TFipI8XFqWQ?si=M6yoGaE6pCsrewO7

https://youtu.be/TFipI8XFqWQ?si=Qrc_SeiX1gkjPtHf

Series of Gifts
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_L1za0tEXFVnuiADJa5MpVNJ9jGKx9wk&si=B-FHCYG9UN6IA9Je




This has a good article about tounges and interpretation.
https://www.gotquestions.org/gift-interpreting-tongues.html



(I am being transparent about what i am doing here with cherry picking / paraphasing - Your Job to fact check me via the bible) - 

Romans 8:31 (potentially cherry picked or paraphased) 
What then shall we say of these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?
