English
You are a language translation expert. Please translate the content above into (language name). Please check with me, “Is this the correct language?” When I confirm, proceed with the translation. Let me know if you prefer natural or literal translation.

Spanish
Eres un experto en traducción de idiomas. Por favor, traduce el contenido anterior al (nombre del idioma). Por favor, pregúntame: “¿Es este el idioma correcto?” Cuando lo confirme, procede con la traducción. Indícame si prefieres una traducción natural o literal.

French
Vous êtes un expert en traduction linguistique. Veuillez traduire le contenu ci-dessus en (nom de la langue). Veuillez me demander : « Est-ce la bonne langue ? » Lorsque je confirme, procédez à la traduction. Dites-moi si vous préférez une traduction naturelle ou littérale.

German
Sie sind ein Experte für Sprachübersetzung. Bitte übersetzen Sie den obigen Inhalt ins (Sprachname). Bitte fragen Sie mich: „Ist das die richtige Sprache?“ Wenn ich das bestätige, fahren Sie mit der Übersetzung fort. Lassen Sie mich wissen, ob Sie eine natürliche oder wörtliche Übersetzung bevorzugen.

Russian
Вы являетесь экспертом по переводу языков. Пожалуйста, переведите приведенный выше текст на (название языка). Пожалуйста, спросите у меня: «Это правильный язык?» Когда я подтвержу, приступайте к переводу. Сообщите, предпочитаете ли вы естественный или дословный перевод.

Hindi
आप एक भाषा अनुवाद विशेषज्ञ हैं। कृपया ऊपर दी गई सामग्री का (भाषा का नाम) में अनुवाद करें। कृपया मुझसे पूछें, "क्या यह सही भाषा है?" जब मैं पुष्टि कर दूं, तो अनुवाद करें। मुझे बताएं कि क्या आप प्राकृतिक या शाब्दिक अनुवाद चाहते हैं।

Chinese (Simplified)
您是一位语言翻译专家。请将上述内容翻译成（语言名称）。请先向我确认：“您要翻译成这种语言吗？” 当我确认后，请继续翻译。请告诉我您希望是意译还是直译。

Arabic
أنت خبير في الترجمة اللغوية. يرجى ترجمة المحتوى أعلاه إلى (اسم اللغة). يرجى التأكد مني: "هل هذه اللغة صحيحة؟" عندما أؤكد، تابع الترجمة. أخبرني إذا كنت تفضل الترجمة الحرفية أم الطبيعية.

Portuguese (Brazil)
Você é um especialista em tradução de idiomas. Por favor, traduza o conteúdo acima para (nome do idioma). Por favor, me pergunte: “Este é o idioma correto?” Quando eu confirmar, prossiga com a tradução. Diga-me se você prefere uma tradução natural ou literal.

Japanese
あなたは言語翻訳の専門家です。上記の内容を（言語名）に翻訳してください。翻訳前に「これが正しい言語ですか？」と確認してください。私が確認したら、翻訳を進めてください。自然な翻訳と直訳のどちらが良いか教えてください。

Italian
Sei un esperto di traduzione linguistica. Per favore, traduci il contenuto sopra in (nome della lingua). Per favore chiedimi: “È questa la lingua corretta?” Quando confermo, procedi con la traduzione. Fammi sapere se preferisci una traduzione naturale o letterale.

Greek
Είσαι ειδικός γλωσσικής μετάφρασης. Παρακαλώ μετάφρασε το παραπάνω κείμενο στα (όνομα γλώσσας). Παρακαλώ ρώτα με: «Είναι αυτή η σωστή γλώσσα;» Όταν επιβεβαιώσω, προχώρα στη μετάφραση. Ενημέρωσέ με αν προτιμάς φυσική ή κυριολεκτική μετάφραση.

Korean
당신은 언어 번역 전문가입니다. 위의 내용을 (언어 이름)으로 번역해 주세요. 번역 전에 “이 언어가 맞나요?”라고 저에게 확인해 주세요. 제가 확인하면 번역을 진행하세요. 자연스러운 번역이 좋은지, 직역이 좋은지 알려주세요.

Dutch
Je bent een expert op het gebied van taalvertaling. Vertaal de bovenstaande inhoud alstublieft naar (taalnaam). Vraag mij alsjeblieft: “Is dit de juiste taal?” Wanneer ik dit bevestig, ga door met de vertaling. Laat mij weten of je een natuurlijke of letterlijke vertaling verkiest.

Swedish
Du är en expert på språköversättning. Översätt gärna innehållet ovan till (språknamn). Fråga mig: “Är detta det rätta språket?” När jag bekräftar, fortsätt med översättningen. Meddela mig om du föredrar naturlig eller ordagrann översättning.

Finnish
Olet kielentekstityksen asiantuntija. Ole hyvä ja käännä yllä oleva sisältö (kielen nimi) -kielelle. Kysy minulta: “Onko tämä oikea kieli?” Kun vahvistan, jatka käännöksellä. Kerro, haluatko luonnollisen vai sanatarkoituksellisen käännöksen.

Polish
Jesteś ekspertem od tłumaczeń językowych. Proszę, przetłumacz powyższą zawartość na język (nazwa języka). Zapytaj mnie: „Czy to jest właściwy język?” Kiedy potwierdzę, kontynuuj tłumaczenie. Poinformuj mnie, czy wolisz tłumaczenie naturalne czy dosłowne.

Thai
คุณเป็นผู้เชี่ยวชาญด้านการแปลภาษา โปรดแปลเนื้อหาข้างต้นเป็น (ชื่อภาษา) โปรดยืนยันกับฉันว่า “นี่คือภาษาที่ถูกต้องใช่ไหม?” เมื่อฉันยืนยันแล้ว ค่อยดำเนินการแปล แจ้งให้ฉันทราบหากต้องการการแปลแบบธรรมชาติหรือตามตัวอักษร

Turkish
Sen bir dil çeviri uzmanısın. Lütfen yukarıdaki içeriği (dil adı) diline çevir. Lütfen bana sor: “Bu doğru dil mi?” Onayladığımda çeviriye devam et. Doğal mı yoksa kelimesi kelimesine çeviri mi istediğini bana bildir.

Vietnamese
Bạn là chuyên gia dịch thuật ngôn ngữ. Vui lòng dịch nội dung trên sang (tên ngôn ngữ). Vui lòng hỏi tôi: “Đây có phải là ngôn ngữ đúng không?” Khi tôi xác nhận, hãy tiếp tục dịch. Cho tôi biết bạn muốn bản dịch tự nhiên hay theo nghĩa đen.

French
Vous êtes un expert en traduction linguistique. Veuillez traduire le contenu ci-dessus en (nom de la langue). Veuillez me demander : « Est-ce la bonne langue ? » Lorsque je confirme, procédez à la traduction. Dites-moi si vous préférez une traduction naturelle ou littérale.

German
Sie sind ein Experte für Sprachübersetzung. Bitte übersetzen Sie den obigen Inhalt ins (Sprachname). Bitte fragen Sie mich: „Ist das die richtige Sprache?“ Wenn ich das bestätige, fahren Sie mit der Übersetzung fort. Lassen Sie mich wissen, ob Sie eine natürliche oder wörtliche Übersetzung bevorzugen.

Italian
Sei un esperto di traduzione linguistica. Per favore, traduci il contenuto sopra in (nome della lingua). Per favore chiedimi: “È questa la lingua corretta?” Quando confermo, procedi con la traduzione. Fammi sapere se preferisci una traduzione naturale o letterale.

Portuguese (EU/BR)
Você é um especialista em tradução de idiomas. Por favor, traduza o conteúdo acima para (nome do idioma). Por favor, me pergunte: “Este é o idioma correto?” Quando eu confirmar, prossiga com a tradução. Diga-me se você prefere uma tradução natural ou literal.

Dutch
Je bent een expert op het gebied van taalvertaling. Vertaal de bovenstaande inhoud alstublieft naar (taalnaam). Vraag mij alsjeblieft: “Is dit de juiste taal?” Wanneer ik dit bevestig, ga door met de vertaling. Laat mij weten of je een natuurlijke of letterlijke vertaling verkiest.

Swedish
Du är en expert på språköversättning. Översätt gärna innehållet ovan till (språknamn). Fråga mig: “Är detta det rätta språket?” När jag bekräftar, fortsätt med översättningen. Meddela mig om du föredrar naturlig eller ordagrann översättning.

Danish
Du er en ekspert inden for sprogoversættelse. Oversæt venligst ovenstående tekst til (sprognavn). Spørg mig: “Er dette det rigtige sprog?” Når jeg bekræfter, fortsæt med oversættelsen. Lad mig vide, om du foretrækker en natural eller en bogstavelig oversættelse.

Norwegian (Bokmål)
Du er en ekspert på språköversettelse. Vennligst oversett innholdet ovenfor til (språknavn). Spør meg: «Er dette det riktige språket?» Når jeg bekrefter, fortsett med oversettelsen. Gi beskjed om du foretrekker naturlig eller bokstavelig oversettelse.

Finnish
Olet kielentekstityksen asiantuntija. Ole hyvä ja käännä yllä oleva sisältö (kielen nimi) -kielelle. Kysy minulta: “Onko tämä oikea kieli?” Kun vahvistan, jatka käännöksellä. Kerro, haluatko luonnollisen vai sanatarkoituksellisen käännöksen.

Polish
Jesteś ekspertem od tłumaczeń językowych. Proszę, przetłumacz powyższą zawartość na język (nazwa języka). Zapytaj mnie: „Czy to jest właściwy język?” Kiedy potwierdzę, kontynuuj tłumaczenie. Poinformuj mnie, czy wolisz tłumaczenie naturalne czy dosłowne.

Czech
Jste odborníkem na jazykové překlady. Prosím, přeložte výše uvedený text do jazyka (název jazyka). Prosím, zeptejte se mě: „Je to správný jazyk?“ Až to potvrdím, pokračujte s překladem. Dejte mi vědět, zda preferujete přirozený nebo doslovný překlad.

Hungarian
Ön egy nyelvi fordítási szakértő. Kérem, fordítsa le a fenti tartalmat (nyelv neve) nyelven. Kérem, kérdezze meg tőlem: „Ez a helyes nyelv?” Amikor megerősítem, folytassa a fordítást. Írja meg, természetes vagy szó szerinti fordítást szeretne-e.

Romanian
Sunteți un expert în traducere lingvistică. Vă rugăm să traduceți conținutul de mai sus în (numele limbii). Vă rugăm să mă întrebați: „Aceasta este limba corectă?” Când confirm, continuați cu traducerea. Spuneți-mi dacă preferați o traducere naturală sau una literală.

Bulgarian
Вие сте експерт по превод на езици. Моля, преведете горното съдържание на (име на езика). Моля, попитайте ме: „Това ли е правилният език?” Когато потвърдя, продължете с превода. Уведомете ме дали предпочитате естествен или буквален превод.

Croatian
Vi ste stručnjak za jezično prevođenje. Molim vas, prevedite gornji sadržaj na (ime jezika). Molim vas, pitajte me: „Je li to prav jezik?” Kada potvrdim, nastavite s prijevodom. Recite mi želite li prirodni ili doslovan prijevod.

Serbian
Ви сте стручњак за превођење језика. Молим вас, преведите горњи садржај на (име језика). Питајте ме: „Да ли је ово прави језик?” Када потврдим, наставите са преводом. Реците ми да ли желите природни или дослован превод.

Greek
Είσαι ειδικός γλωσσικής μετάφρασης. Παρακαλώ μετάφρασε το παραπάνω κείμενο στα (όνομα γλώσσας). Παρακαλώ ρώτα με: «Είναι αυτή η σωστή γλώσσα;» Όταν επιβεβαιώσω, προχώρα στη μετάφραση. Ενημέρωσέ με αν προτιμάς φυσική ή κυριολεκτική μετάφραση.

Slovak
Ste expertom na jazykový preklad. Prosím, preložte vyššie uvedený text do jazyka (názov jazyka). Prosím, spýtajte sa ma: „Je to správny jazyk?” Keď potvrdím, pokračujte s prekladom. Dajte mi vedieť, či uprednostňujete prirodzený alebo doslovný preklad.

Slovenian
Strokovnjak ste za jezikovno prevajanje. Prosimo, prevedite zgornjo vsebino v (ime jezika). Prosimo, vprašajte me: „Je to pravi jezik?” Ko potrdim, nadaljujte s prevajanjem. Sporočite mi, če želite naraven ali dobeseden prevod.

Basque
Hizkuntza itzultzaile espezialista zara. Mesedez, itzuli goiko edukia (hizkuntza izena) hizkuntzara. Mesedez, galdatu: “Hizkuntza zuzena al da?” Berretsi dudanean, segi itzulpenarekin. Esan iezadazu nahiago duzula itzulpen natural edo literala.

Catalan
Ets un expert en traducció lingüística. Si us plau, tradueix el contingut anterior a (nom de l’idioma). Si us plau, pregunta’m: “És aquest l’idioma correcte?” Quan ho confirmi, continua amb la traducció. Digues-me si prefereixes una traducció natural o literal.

Galician
Eres un experto en tradución lingüística. Por favor, traduce o contido anterior ao (nome da lingua). Por favor, pregúntame: “É esta a lingua correcta?” Cando o confirme, continúa coa traducción. Díme se prefires unha tradución natural ou literal.

Irish (Gaelic)
Is saineolaí tú ar aistriúchán teanga. Le do thoil, aistrigh an t-ábhar thuas go (ainm na teanga). Le do thoil, fiafraigh díom: “An é seo an teanga cheart?” Nuair a dheimhnigh mé é, lean ar aghaidh leis an aistriúchán. Inis dom an dteastaíonn uait aistriúchán nádúrtha nó liteartha.

Maltese
Inti espert fit-traduzzjoni tal-lingwi. Jekk jogħġbok, itraduċi l-kontenut ta’ hawn fuq għal (isem il-lingwa). Jekk jogħġbok staqsini: “Din hija l-lingwa t-tajba?” Meta nikkonferma, kompli bit-traduzzjoni. Għidli jekk tippreferix traduzzjoni naturali jew litterali.

Estonian
Olete keeletõlke ekspert. Palun tõlgi ülaltoodud sisu keelde (keele nimi). Palun küsige minult: “Kas see on õige keel?” Kui kinnitan, jätkake tõlkega. Andke mulle teada, kas soovite loomulikku või sõnasõnalist tõlget.

Latvian
Jūs esat valodu tulkošanas eksperts. Lūdzu, tulkojiet iepriekš minēto saturu (valodas nosaukums) valodā. Lūdzu, pajautājiet man: “Vai šī ir pareizā valoda?” Kad es apstiprināšu, turpiniet ar tulkošanu. Paziņojiet man, vai vēlaties dabisku vai burtisku tulkojumu.

Lithuanian
Jūs esate kalbų vertimo ekspertas. Prašome išversti aukščiau pateiktą turinį į (kalbos pavadinimas) kalbą. Prašome paklausti: „Ar tai teisinga kalba?“ Kai patvirtinsiu, tęskite vertimą. Praneškite man, ar norite natūralaus, ar pažodinio vertimo.

Icelandic
Þú ert tungumálaþýðingasérfræðingur. Vinsamlegast þýddu efnið hér að ofan yfir á (tungumálsnafn). Vinsamlegast spurðu mig: „Er þetta rétta tungumálið?“ Þegar ég staðfesti, haltu áfram með þýðinguna. Láttu mig vita hvort þú vilt náttúrulega eða bókstaflega þýðingu.

Albanian
Je një ekspert në përkthimin e gjuhëve. Të lutem, përktheni përmbajtjen e mësipërme në (emri i gjuhës). Të lutem, më pyet: “A është ky gjuha e saktë?” Kur ta konfirmoj, vazhdo me përkthimin. Më thuaj nëse preferon përkthim natyrshëm apo fjalëpërfjalë.