Be detailed focused. But do not make it perfect straight away. Get there.



See they don't by studying better than them and learning studying.

Pray for all your wisdom from Jesus.


Luke 16:1-9






16 He also said to the disciples, “There was a rich man who had a manager, and charges were brought to him that this man was wasting his possessions. 2 And he called him and said to him, 
‘What is this that I hear about you? Turn in the account of your management, for you can no longer be manager.’ 3 And the manager said to himself, 
‘What shall I do, since my master is taking the management away from me? I am not strong enough to dig, and I am ashamed to beg. 
4 I have decided what to do, so that when I am removed from management, people may receive me into their houses.’ 5 So, summoning his master's debtors one by one, he said to the first,
‘How much do you owe my master?’ 6 He said, ‘A hundred measures[a] of oil.’ He said to him, ‘Take your bill, and sit down quickly and write fifty.’ 7 Then he said to another, ‘And how much do you owe?’
He said, ‘A hundred measures[b] of wheat.’ He said to him, ‘Take your bill, and write eighty.’ 8 The master commended the dishonest manager for his shrewdness. For the sons of this world[c] are more shrewd in dealing with their 
own generation than the sons of light. 9 And I tell you, make friends for yourselves by means of unrighteous wealth,[d] so that when it fails they may receive you into the eternal dwellings.

10 “One who is faithful in a very little is also faithful in much, and one who is dishonest in a very little is also dishonest in much. 11 If then you have not been faithful in the unrighteous wealth, who will entrust to you the true riches? 
12 And if you have not been faithful in that which is another's, who will give you that which is your own? 13 No servant can serve two masters, 
for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other.
 You cannot serve God and money.”


10 “One who is faithful in a very little is also faithful in much, and one who is dishonest in a very little is also dishonest in much.



This is the success part and what God actually looks at when putting your in better places or in ministry.


Can you be faithful with putting your paystub on a hour with 10 seconds left to go and you know about it.
That's 10 seconds. That counts in Gods eyes.
Will you do what God says to change where you are in life when you pray in tounges + interpretation or testing the spirit 1 john 1.


If you can work with the small you can grow the seed to be? Good fruit? Do good and honest Work in the small things to make it best you can to be big and fruitful harvest.

 
