Hebrews 11 / Pray about it


Binding - To disalow or to put in prision Spiritually. 


Binding the Strongman - Ever person has a demonic strongman within their body who coordinates to satan in third heaven and the troops below. Binding him makes it easier to fight the whole army of satan within.

WHO HATE YOU. Read the scripture on binding the strongman and ponder it and you will understand.

Kingdom of heaven - Is it the temple of your body excluding the spritually afterlife of heaven. 

You can have heaven on earth like I do within your body if you pray and chose so.

Loosing. To allow or request a something from heaven. (Loose Courage or Joy in Jesus for example )

Forgiveness - Never allowing a curse to alight.

Blessing when they curse at you - Never allowing a curse to alight in negation and changes them to not be a problem anymore + christian outside of freewill choice.

Pray when persecuted - It's like I prayed for 15 seconds and the perseuction never bothered me and I got my care released to God + more deliverance. 


Deliverance - Biblical Healing or Deliverance from a Problem to soultion.

Miracle - Supernatural Gift from God. This includes:

Deliverance / Biblical Healing 
The Great commission
Holy Spirit Tounges
Prayer Answers.
Doing the Word with the incentive given.
Casting your Cares on God.
Blessed into Greater opportunities in life like a higher paying job due to God's favour on your life by your choice to love him via the word.

Does not expect you to be perfect but to try your best to not sin / wrong God via his standards. This is where the cross with Grace and/or mercy comes in. Excludes context of Divorce.


All Miracles. Fuck off Cessationism.


Father Shows his love to you via Miracles. 

What a fucking insult it is to say they died with the apostles of old when holy spirit aka spirtual jesus christ is:

Hebrews 13:8 -  Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.


Did Jesus die on the cross for nothing but for their profit margins?

Vomit worthy. Laughing stock shit doctrine every who tries it gets this.

I have every marker of blessing in christ by my internal world. Fk off and change.
